README.md, before:

# **Brandon Max Flores Portfolio**  
## About Me  

Hello, My name is Brandon Max Flores, and I am a recent CUNY College of Staten Island graduate with a Bachelor of Science in Communications Design and Digital Media.  

I am a research assistant working on Machine Learning, Topic Modeling, and data-driven art with Michael Mandiberg and a Project Support Specialist for Johnson & Johnson, working with analytics to ensure proper targeting, segmentation, and tracking across teams.  

I am currently enrolled as a non-matriculated student at the Graduate Center and seeking admission for the Fall 2025 Semester. 

---

## Projects  

### Mpox Post Analysis (Undergraduate Honors Research)  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [Mpox Post Analysis](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/mpox_post_analysis)  

**Technology:** Python, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Data Cleaning, Web Scraping, Technical Writing  

#### Description  
Analysis of posts on the X platform during the rise of the Mpox spread in late 2024. The study follows cases from August to November and categorizes and classifies posts to highlight trends and evolution of misinformation over time to aid officials in the public health sector curb misinformation during future health crises.  

#### Results  
Although misinformation in the Mpox era did not command the same footing as it had in more polarizing cases such as COVID, it is evolving at a rapid rate and spreading early on, revealing an earnest need for public health officials to monitor new instances of misinformation and combat even those that do not fall under conventional categories.  

---

### Mpox Variant Data Visualization  

**Website:** [Mpox Data Visualization Website](https://fleurhes.github.io/PortfolioGC/mpox_var/)  
**Project Files and Writeup:** [Mpox Data Visualization Writeup and Repository](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/mpox_var)  

**Technology:** JavaScript, p5.js (library), HTML, CSS  
**Skills Used:** Data Cleaning, Data Visualization, Website Design  

#### Description  
Variants of viruses are responsible for causing sickness from the same virus in name year after year. This interactive web-based visualization uses two public complete Mpox genome sequences to map the differences embedded in tens of thousands of lines of genome sequence.  

This visualization can be used to aid health officials in providing an engaging answer as to why it is crucial to get immunized against a virus of the same group but of a different clade.  

#### Results  
The visualization effectively represents the differences on the genomic level, reinforcing the impact of viruses on global health. The code is modular and allows for similar sequence comparisons to be conducted with any other sequence in the FNA format. It can aid the public in better understanding why viruses continue to impact on a global scale each year.  

---

### NHL Prediction Model  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [NHL Prediction Model](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/nhl_predict)  

**Technology:** Python, MongoDB, MySQL, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Machine Learning, Database Management, API Calling, Data Cleaning, Statistics  

#### Description  
While watching each NHL season, I noticed that it is not uncommon for the last-place team to beat out the first-place team and that predictions were often incorrect. The inconsistency of predictions I witnessed made me wonder why game predictions seemed so unreliable.  

To explore this, I built a prediction model using the NHL API for historical team and player data to determine if predictions align with the actual results of the 2023-2024 season or if the outcomes are truly unpredictable.  

#### Results  
When testing my model against the 2023-2024 NHL season, my hypothesis appears correct, as my model was only able to predict the correct winner 56% of the time. However, this led me to wonder where the inaccuracy arose from.  

The results, according to my model, found that teams playing on the road had predictions falling under 50% accuracy. This was a result of how goals are related situationally rather than raw integers. While the integer values may be close, the impact of integer changes for home goals did not affect prediction accuracy as significantly as away goals.  

These factors lead me to believe that NHL predictions and outcomes are often luck-based and that several unconsidered external factors, such as mental wellness and team chemistry, have the potential to allow for more accurate predictions in the future.  

---

### Biking Data Analysis  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [Biking Health Data Analysis](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/health_data) 

**Technology:** Python, MySQL, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Database Management, Data Cleaning, Statistics  

#### Description  
In 2022, I increased my efforts at staying active and logged 19 bike rides on my Apple Watch between May and June. I wanted to analyze these rides to identify any patterns in what impacted my performance and determine if I had improved over my rides.  

To analyze and identify patterns from my data, I leveraged MySQL with Python scripts to build and run queries on a database of my data.  

#### Results  
After querying my data to find performance trends based on duration, speed, distance, and time of day, I was disappointed to find that none of these factors appeared to impact my performance significantly.  

The data leads me to suspect that my performance was not impacted by anything other than external factors such as my psychological state or the weather.  



## Contacts

Personal Email: brandon@fleurhes.com

GC Email: bflores@gradcenter.cuny.edu

Commit message:

fixed names to better reflect script and idea. added gen_neb into readme

README.md, after:

# **Brandon Max Flores Portfolio**  
## About Me  

Hello, My name is Brandon Max Flores, and I am a recent CUNY College of Staten Island graduate with a Bachelor of Science in Communications Design and Digital Media.  

I am currently a Communications Specialist for Johnson & Johnson, working in the Global Communications sector leveraging data analysis and statsitics to promote and verify proper distribution targeting and metric tracking across teams. I also am working with Michael Mandiberg of the Graduate Center as a Research Assistant supporting their work with machine learning, topic modeling, and data-driven art.

I am currently enrolled as a non-matriculated student at the Graduate Center and seeking admission for the Fall 2025 Semester. 

---

## Projects  

### Mpox Post Analysis (Undergraduate Honors Research)  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [Mpox Post Analysis](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/mpox_post_analysis)  

**Technology:** Python, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Data Cleaning, Web Scraping, Technical Writing  

#### Description  
Analysis of posts on the X platform during the rise of the Mpox spread in late 2024. The study follows cases from August to November and categorizes and classifies posts to highlight trends and evolution of misinformation over time to aid officials in the public health sector curb misinformation during future health crises.  

#### Results  
Although misinformation in the Mpox era did not command the same footing as it had in more polarizing cases such as COVID, it is evolving at a rapid rate and spreading early on, revealing an earnest need for public health officials to monitor new instances of misinformation and combat even those that do not fall under conventional categories.  

---

### Biking Data Analysis  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [Biking Health Data Analysis](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/health_data) 

**Technology:** Python, MySQL, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Database Management, Data Cleaning, Statistics  

#### Description  
In 2022, I increased my efforts at staying active and logged 19 bike rides on my Apple Watch between May and June. I wanted to analyze these rides to identify any patterns in what impacted my performance and determine if I had improved over my rides.  

To analyze and identify patterns from my data, I leveraged MySQL with Python scripts to build and run queries on a database of my data.  

#### Results  
After querying my data to find performance trends based on duration, speed, distance, and time of day, I was disappointed to find that none of these factors appeared to impact my performance significantly.  

The data leads me to suspect that my performance was not impacted by anything other than external factors such as my psychological state or the weather.  

### Mpox Variant Data Visualization  

**Website:** [Mpox Data Visualization Website](https://fleurhes.github.io/PortfolioGC/mpox_var/)  
**Project Files and Writeup:** [Mpox Data Visualization Writeup and Repository](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/mpox_var)  

**Technology:** JavaScript, p5.js (library), HTML, CSS  
**Skills Used:** Data Cleaning, Data Visualization, Website Design  

#### Description  
Variants of viruses are responsible for causing sickness from the same virus in name year after year. This interactive web-based visualization uses two public complete Mpox genome sequences to map the differences embedded in tens of thousands of lines of genome sequence.  

This visualization can be used to aid health officials in providing an engaging answer as to why it is crucial to get immunized against a virus of the same group but of a different clade.  

#### Results  
The visualization effectively represents the differences on the genomic level, reinforcing the impact of viruses on global health. The code is modular and allows for similar sequence comparisons to be conducted with any other sequence in the FNA format. It can aid the public in better understanding why viruses continue to impact on a global scale each year.  

---

### NHL Prediction Model  

**Project Files and Writeup:** [NHL Prediction Model](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/nhl_predict)  

**Technology:** Python, MongoDB, MySQL, Excel  
**Skills Used:** Machine Learning, Database Management, API Calling, Data Cleaning, Statistics  

#### Description  
While watching each NHL season, I noticed that it is not uncommon for the last-place team to beat out the first-place team and that predictions were often incorrect. The inconsistency of predictions I witnessed made me wonder why game predictions seemed so unreliable.  

To explore this, I built a prediction model using the NHL API for historical team and player data to determine if predictions align with the actual results of the 2023-2024 season or if the outcomes are truly unpredictable.  

#### Results  
When testing my model against the 2023-2024 NHL season, my hypothesis appears correct, as my model was only able to predict the correct winner 56% of the time. However, this led me to wonder where the inaccuracy arose from.  

The results, according to my model, found that teams playing on the road had predictions falling under 50% accuracy. This was a result of how goals are related situationally rather than raw integers. While the integer values may be close, the impact of integer changes for home goals did not affect prediction accuracy as significantly as away goals.  

These factors lead me to believe that NHL predictions and outcomes are often luck-based and that several unconsidered external factors, such as mental wellness and team chemistry, have the potential to allow for more accurate predictions in the future.  

---

### Generative Nebula Study  

**Website:** [Generative Nebula Study Website](https://fleurhes.github.io/PortfolioGC/generative_nebula_study/)  
**Project Files and Writeup:** [Generative Nebula Study Writeup and Repository](https://github.com/fleurhes/PortfolioGC/tree/main/generative_nebula_study)  

**Technology:** JavaScript, p5.js (library), HTML, CSS  
**Skills Used:** Generative Art, Website Design, Experimental Code, Mathematics  

#### Description  
The cosmos have been a long standing fascination of mine resulting in my passion for astrophotography. Although I enjoy astrophotography, it is challenging especially following my most recent knee surgery to set up my equipment and get the pefect shot. In order for me to experience the cosmos inside, I began to look into ways to leverage generative art through the use of p5.js and further explore through the magic of math.

#### Results  
Through the use of trigonometry, geometric vectors, and statistical probability, I simulate a nebula featuring layers of color for realistic shading, a dynamic starfield utilizing probability to determine distribution and flickering, as well as fractal noise created with geometric vectors to smooth the generated imagees. This project is meant to be viewed through a lens of creative possibility through code, and a potential way to bridge the gap between arithmetic and visual based learning.

---

## Contacts

Personal Email: brandon@fleurhes.com

GC Email: bflores@gradcenter.cuny.edu
